ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Summary
A challenging position in a Manufacturing, Engineering, or Research & Development environment where my overall technical background, along
with my leadership and decision making capabilities will be combined to contribute to company goals, enlargement, & productivity.
Highlights
Excellent communication techniques
Lean principles knowledge Manufacturing systems integration
Microsoft Excel & Word Assembly drawing
Engineering operational functions Design instruction creation
Accomplishments
Mastered engineering software programs, including Labview and ERP systems such as Microsoft AX Dynamics
Trained new and current employees for both operating procedures and manufacturing disciplines
Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly.
Personally managed production activities to guarantee 90 % of orders were shipped on-time.
Contributed to an increase in productivity through improvements in operations, quality, safety and administration.
Promoted to Production Supervisor within 8 years of employment.
Experience
Engineering Technician
April 2015 to Current Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Executing protocols for new system integration
Help design & verify test fixtures are reliable for manufacturing sustainability
Mechanically assemble components to specifications outlined by Engineering
Work on various projects with lab setup, supply ordering, and test execution tasks
Conduct bench testing and analyze data for final report
System Testing verification & analysis Software configuration testing.
Applied engineering principles to develop and operate electrical, mechanical and data processing systems.
Executed root cause analysis to improve yield and reliability.
Ran operational tests on systems and equipment to reinforce proper processes and remedy malfunctions.
Carefully organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity.
Sr. Repair Technician
February 2015 to April 2015 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Responsible for reworking incoming PCB boards:.
Troubleshooting component level board testing.
Analyze schematics to prepare failure diagnostics.
Prepare test for either production or rework boards by setting up test station to specification.
Maintained safety by verifying compliance and assuring proper factory testing.
Lead Manufacturing Technician Production Supervisor
February 2004 to June 2014 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Responsible for the 2nd shift production operations then promoted to Production Supervisor.
Major accomplishments and duties in areas of: Responsible for completing production orders in a timely manner in the AMR department -
Axsun Mechanical Robot
Perform ENG tasks as well as prototypes requested by R&D department
Assist with editing and creating ECOs, work instructions, and documentations
Handled the task of Production Equipment maintenance and troubleshooting by using proper protocols
Develop a working environment to ensure that quality, performance, and consistently are met
Submitted detailed reports or delays to Management and Engineering team on employee training, daily production goals, equipment failures,
and priorities
Implementation of simplified process for all manufacturing operations - acknowledge that processes be broken down into simplified steps,
characterizing process definitions and installed graphs and pictures to enhance operator's knowledge of operations
Motivate and sustain commitment to lean manufacturing for all operators
Posses a good knowledge of various assembly line stations with working experience
Re-organized and stabilized the bottlenecks areas that poses threat to company goals
Operated vacuum chamber machinery - lid seal, pick and place
Build optical channel monitors used on optical sensing applications
Align micro-optics using unique signal processing algorithms based on substrate's optical and coating power wavelength and optical signal-
to-noise ratio measurements in the C, L, and C+L Band frequency
Familiar with ERP systems - AX Dynamics and 5 S Lean Principles
Supervisory role.
Wafer Fab Technician
September 1999 to January 2004 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Responsible for production output in areas of the front end and testing.
Help support Team Lead on various tasks involving data entry and maintaining equipments.
Distributed virgin wafers from stock to production to employ wip
Knowledge of operations in Laser Scribe Machinery, Keithly Instruments, and Karl Suss equipments
Manipulated time for the job per machine and scheduled processes accordingly to achieved remarkable time efficiency.
Completed certified training and chemical course
Attended various training workshops as a part of the work and tried applying those principles for production jobs
Worked in weekly rotational shifts with an excellent attendance record.
Worked at the testing room and provided accurate inputs to the machines which produced fine results with minimal rejection ratios.
Assembler/Operator
April 2003 to September 2003 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Responsible for the assembly of fluorescent light displays and maintaining the machines.
Worked at a Press and Punch machine station and Drilling station
Wired and assembled components into sub-assembly configurations
Carried out post inspection duties to ensure quality meets standards
Reported to supervisors about machine downtime and output.
Test Technician
March 2001 to January 2002 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Responsible for the production of prototypes and processes develop by the Engineers.
Tested final product and help to analyze data Recommended solutions on the testing line to improve failure rate
Handled epoxy instruments, dicing machines, and heating ovens
Assisted engineers with process flow and failure analysis.
Education
Diploma : 1999 East Boston High School ï¼​ City , State
Skills
Data entry
Employee training
Equipment maintenance
ERP : Microsoft AX Dynamics
Failure analysis
Inspection
Lean manufacturing
Mechanical processes
protocols execution
Supervisory
System integration
Team player
Troubleshooting
