ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR
Summary
Entrepreneurial, analytical, and detailed oriented manager who, for over 5 years, both directed, and had hands on experience in, all aspects of
accounting functions of a small engineering company. A natural disposition for problem solving and attention to detail that has led to a successful 23
year engineering and accounting career. A proven ability to accept and succeed with new challenges and responsibilities. Currently seeking the next
career challenge of continuing the path of accounting management in a small to medium-sized company that needs an involved professional with
demonstrated leadership experience.
Highlights
CPA candidate (passed in 2013)
Full-cycle accounting
Experienced manager
Familiar with multiple accounting packages
Analytical reasoning
Comfortable working with teams of management and line employees
Government contracting experience
Accomplishments
Built accounting functions, policies, and systems from the ground up of a spin-off/startup firm.
Managed accounting and engineering functions of a small, company from inception to sale.
Passed CPA exam in the state of Maryland.
Experience
Engineering Supervisor
August 2011 to Current Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Assisted Weatherford accounting team with financial integration and wind down of Aither Engineering, Inc.
Supervising company location buyer and troubleshooting issues regarding POs, receiving reports, vendor invoices, and payment vouchers
within J.D. Edwards enterprise resource planning (ERP) environment.
Managing a team of 4 direct reporting engineers and other indirect engineering staff across multiple, simultaneous projects and sites.
Serving as a Project Engineer for Tier I (VP level exposure) multi-year product development project involving engineers from 3 company
facilities.
Providing both technical and professional oversight and mentoring to less experienced engineers including annual performance and merit
reviews.
Vice President
July 2006 to August 2011 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Built accounting system using Quickbooks Pro for small engineering spin-off from the ground up, passing two DCAA financial system
audits.
Supervised staff of 7 engineers plus 1 bookkeeper.
Developed accounting policies and procedures for AP processing, AR collections, asset acquisition and disposal, allowed costs, and
indirect cost pools.
Participated in and oversaw all components of the accounting cycle including preparing journal entries, bank reconciliations, and financial
statements.
Interfaced with and prepared data for both DCAA and investor led auditors.
Managed all federal and state tax filings as well as regulatory and DCAA filings such as annual Incurred Cost Submissions.
Reviewed company billings for both commercial and government customers.
Submitted government vouchers through Wide Area Work Flow system.
Prepared annual operating budgets and proposal budgets and monitored budgets for variances.
Maintained cash flow projections for company President and was responsible for Treasury functions.
Responsible for company HR functions except for company retirement plan.
Contributed to engineering projects and programs involving fiber optic based sensors, semi-active dampers, on blade rotorcraft control, and
other technologies.
Assistant Program Manager
July 1995 to July 2006 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Resuscitated, validated, and and took ownership of a critical, company-constructed simulation tool needed in short order for customer
driven analysis.
Provided US Navy ballistic missile submarine force level weapon system performance analyses incorporating proposed weapon system
programmatic changes.
Developed ballistic missile warhead reentry simulation tool which allowed company to gain new work with key customer.
Wrote technical business proposals and provided engineering assistance on Small Businesses Innovative Research projects, helping grow
projects into a self-sustaining business group within the company.
Held top secret clearance.
Project Engineer
January 1992 to July 1995 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Responsibilities grew from co-op student to lead project engineer for a small engineering company focused on developing sensing and
actuator technologies for Defense and commercial applications.
Represented company on a multi-company technical team working on a two year Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)
competitive contract.
Contributed to various engineering projects including acoustic sensors, acoustic noise cancellation, vibration control, modeling and simulation
of pneumatic systems, 6-degree of freedom (DOF) missile simulations, missile control systems, and medical sensors.
Held secret clearance.
Education
Master of Science : Accounting and Finance , 2012 University of Maryland, University College ï¼​ City , State
M. Eng : Aerospace Engineering , 2001 University of Maryland ï¼​ City , State
Bachelor of Science : Aerospace Engineering University of Maryland ï¼​ City , State
Affiliations
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA)
Skills
Proactive, self-motivated, team player well versed in AP, AR, bank reconciliations, billings, budgets, cash flow projections, government
contracting, and financial statements. Experienced with many accounting, technical, and office applications including Quickbooks (expert),
Peachtree (proficient), JDE (proficient), Great Plains (trained), LabView, Matlab, Access, Excel, Word.
