ENGINEERING LAB TECHNICIAN
Summary
To obtain a position in my field of Electronics with a company that offers opportunities for advancement based on strong technical skills and work
performance.
Skills
Construct, test and troubleshoot AC/DC circuits
Determine voltage, current, resistance and power by calculations and measurements
Identify electronic components and schematic symbols
Utilize oscilloscopes to measure AC frequency
Very proficient in soldering
Troubleshoot and identify faulty capacitors, inductors and transformers
Skilled in the use of hand tools for repairing and installing electronics
Create circuits with Multisim CAD software
Assemble/disassemble PCs and electronics to the component level
Familiar in C+, C++, Java script, SQL, Visual Studio, Microsoft Team Foundation, Microsoft Test Manager, Tera Term, GShell, Linux,
OSi
Studied and understand Programmable Logic controllers
Digital communications with fiber optics
Understand different types of transmission lines: twisted pair, UTP, shielded pair and coaxial
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook
Strong oral and written communication skills
Adapt to new technology at an accelerated rate
Experience
Engineering Lab Technician Jan 2014 to Jan 2016
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Run software tests, physical checks and Beverage QA tests on new technology being developed.
Build test cases for new software builds.
Perform regression, functional and smoke testing.
Use refractometers to test brix.
Use oscilloscopes to test wave patterns in circuits.
Support different platforms with software installation, light plumbing and testing.
Trained in All Beverage Quality test tools, including Refractometer, Oscilloscope and Function Generators, Multimeters and all basic hand
tools.
Run various test cases on NEW Platforms to ensure stability in units before field release.
Responsible for Mechanically troubleshooting Lab Fixtures within the Freestyle Platform.
Calibrate Alpha and Beta prototype units to perform at optimal expectation.
Work closely with software developers testing strategies in the implementation of software.
Microsoft test manager to write test cases and create bugs for software development.
Microsoft Team Foundation Server to add tasks to PBI's.
Tera Term software application to provide ssh/serial connection to Linux platform devices.
GShell software to view modify on sub machines.
Engineering Validation Test Technician Jan 2012 to Jan 2014
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Test and validate new technology from automotive manufacturers.
Run environmental tests on infotainment devices.
Build various wire harnesses for testing equipment.
Operate thermotron chambers to test stability in head units.
Perform continuity tests on wiring assemblies.
Run X-axis, Y-axis and Z-axis vibration tests.
Test DVD, CD, GPS, USB, and IPOD infotainment devices for manufacturers specifications.
Electromechanical Technician Jan 2010 to Jan 2012
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Build and calibrate 9500 series mercury porosimeter instruments.
Build 2020 series chemisorption and physisorption instruments.
Electromechanical assembly.
Assemble PC Boards.
Use hand tools to build, calibrate and test entire units to completion.
Troubleshoot components when failures occur in unit boards.
Assemble plumbing and servo valves.
Driver/Mall specialist Jan 2001 to Jan 2009
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Drive and maintain a 30 ft.
pumper truck.
Interact and service customers on a daily basis.
Handled complicated machinery constantly.
Education and Training
Associate of Science Degree , Computer and Electronics Engineering Technology 2013 ITT Technical Institute ï¼​ City , State Computer and
Electronics Engineering Technology
Bachelor of Science Degree , Electronics and Communication Engineering Technology September, 2013 Electronics and Communication
Engineering Technology Maintained an A average every quarter since enrolling *Obtained highest honors certificate every quarter 3.7
Publications
M.K.I. Waste Oil Systems Steve Brawley (C.E.O. of M.K.I. Waste oil systems) (678)-898- 2283
Skills
Alpha, automotive, basic, C+, C++, CAD, CD, oral, DC, DVD, electronics, fiber optics, functional, GPS, hand tools, Java script, Linux, Logic,
machinery, Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Multimeters, oscilloscopes, Oscilloscope, OSi, plumbing, Quality, QA,
repairing, ssh, software developers, software development, software installation, soldering, SQL, test tools, transformers, transmission,
Troubleshoot, troubleshooting, USB, view, Visual Studio, wiring, written communication skills
