ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Summary
Creative and innovative draftsman, passionate about building designs and advanced construction solutions.Â Â Seeking the best opportunity to
further enhance present professional experience and expand knowledge base on architectural designs, while growing with an organization.
Skills
3D modeling, architectural drafting, AutoCAD, read blueprints, carpentry, Detail oriented, drafting, email, floor plans, frame, 3dsMax, mechanical,
messaging, Microsoft Office applications, Multi-tasking, painting, problem solving skills, reading, renovation, Revit, self-motivated, supervisor
Experience
Engineering Technician
July 2015 to June 2017 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
creating and finalizing drawings on building plans.
Review projects with design and sealing engineers to find solutions to problems.
Assisting customers in the field via shop calls, email, or instant messaging.
Multi-tasking between various jobs daily.
Material Handler
July 2014 to December 2014 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Received instructions from a supervisor at the beginning of the work shift and was expected to complete the assigned tasks in a certain time
frame.
Loaded and unloaded packages in metal containers and trucks.
Laborer
June 2013 to August 2013 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Maintained campus upkeep and appearance.
Repaired, Replaced, and installed signs around campus.
Janitorial/Construction Laborer
June 2010 to August 2011 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Maintained building appearance (including painting, cleaning, lawn care).
Involved in renovation projects (including carpentry work and reading blueprints).
Janitorial work (cleaning exam rooms and offices).
Education and Training
A.A.S : Drafting and Design , June 2015 ITT Technical Institute ï¼​ City , State Drafting and Design Highest Academic Honors (3.4), Perfect
Attendance *Opportunity Scholarship Core classes in drafting field : 3D modeling, mechanical drafting, BIM, sustainability in design
Additional Information
(WILLING TO RELOCATE)
